Once alone, Primarch Guilliman and five of his brothers; Russ, Corvus, Vulkan, Lion, and Khan now stand united upon the soil of Terra,
 their swords, and the forces of their chapters and successors the last line between the encroaching darkness and Earth. 
From one side of the Sol system comes the Traitor Legions, lead by their daemonic Primarchs, and from the other side comes the gnashing teeth of the Great Devourer,
 finally having completed their trek to Mankind's birth-world, almost at the shining beacon that is the Astronomicon and the Emperor. Dante comes, 
amassing a huge fleet from the Dark Imperium, ready to defend the home-world,
 but great warp storms stand in the way, with the Tyranids and the damned souls of the warp blocking any new aid from reaching the core systems of the Imperium. 
For now, the five loyal sons and their few chapters stand alone. The Final Battle has almost begun. Guilliman looks to the skies, un-sheathing his fiery sword, its metal blazing with the Emperor's might. 

"Come to me! Creatures of the void and brothers of old! Come to me! Meet your doom upon my blade!" He yells. 

----11 Months, 28 days, and 19 hours later ----

Guilliman deflected Fulgrim's blow, the Prodigal Son's blade bouncing off his flaming sword with a strike of immaterial flame.
 Angron came next, his twisted axe slicing into Roboute's left pauldron, breaking the piece of armor in two, but just missing his flesh.
 Fulgrim strikes again, this time with a flick of his reptilian tail. The blow sends Guilliman back, knocking him into a piece of rock once belonging to the great wall protecting the Imperial Palace. 

Eleven months had passed since the two great enemies descended on Terra's soil, 11 months of war and destruction.
 The Jovian and Neptunian systems had fallen first, the four great moons of Jupiter and the great ship-yards of Triton turned to ash by the guns of the Traitors. 
On the other side of the system, Saturn fell next. While the Grey Knights had put up a good fight, they eventually lost to the un-ending jaws of the Tyranid horde. 
Now what remains of them stand on Terra, fighting for their lives. 
Contact with Mars was lost about 6 months ago, the last transmissions talking about the arrival of the Dark Mechanicus and strange rumbling coming from bellow the world itself.
 Luna was lost 3 months later, the great port-world overwhelmed by the forces of Chaos and the Tyranids alike. The Lion and his chapter had been there when it fell, now Roboute knew not if he lived still.
 Vulkan and Russ held up in the inner sanctum, protecting the few Terran civilians that still lived, while Corvus and Khan fought with Guilliman,
 unleashing the terrible powers they had gained from millennia in the Warp and Webway, leading their forces only a few miles away. 

The Traitors and Tyranids filled the sky in equal part, their ships blazing and tearing each-other apart in the void above the Throne-world.
 While the Tyranids would have negated the powers of the warp in such numbers normally, 
the line between the immaterial and reality had become so blurred since the fighting began that the shadow in the warp had become no more than a light shade. 

Guilliman propped himself up, his foot crushing a small tyrannic beast as he did so. He raised his sword once more, the Primarch's eyes filled with will and no small part of rage, 
enough to make a Khornate daemon shrivel in fear. 

"COME ON!" yelled the avenging son through his broken teeth and split lips "Were not done yet! Traitors!" his voice a battlecry. 

"Oh Roboute," said Fulgrim in his ever sultry voice, "you want to die that bad! Fine, I killed you once, so I'll let someone else take the glory." 

Angron said nothing as Fulgrim turned to him, his nose flaring with flame as he breathed in and out. 

"Go Angron," Fulgrim said "I let him be your honor to kill." 

Angron marched forward, raising his axe. Guilliman put up his sword, just in time to stop Angron's attack. 
His feet drove into the ground, pushed in by the force of the World Eater Primarch's strike.
 This was, however, too much for the beaten Guilliman. The moment the blow was stopped, his arms shattered under the force of the strike,
 the bones breaking in a million places, his arms fell to his sides as the Emperor's Sword was dropped, its flame flickering out. 
The pain forced Guilliman to his knees as he let out a throaty cry. 

"Now, brother" roared Angron "I take your skull for the Blood God. You will be a fine offering." 

Angron lifted Guilliman's head, taking him by his golden hair, now mostly white from the last millennia of his rule.
 Guilliman in a way was ready. For a thousand years he had fought against the tides that bashed the rock that was the Imperium, 
but he could no stop them from slowly eroding it. Fifteen years ago, Magnus and Abbadon had led a joint crusade from the Malestrom in an attempt to take Terra,
 kill the Emperor, and rip open a new Eye of Terror that would end the Tyranid scourges encroachment into the galaxy and destroy the Imperium all in one fell swoop. 
Magnus' psychic might tore the fabric of reality as they went, with Magnus' other brothers in tow. Such unity between Chaos not seen since The Heresy.
 Guilliman and his brothers had tried on multiple occasions to talk to their father, but the strain of Magnus' doings had grown to large to let the Emperor speak even psychically.
 They stood with no help from Him. Despite his efforts, Guilliman and his returned brothers had failed, and now he waited for his execution. 

Angron's axe swung back, then forwards towards Robute's neck, and then time stopped as reality rippled. 

Angron was thrown back as Fulgrim shielded his eyes from the blinding light, so intense was the radiance he could see his twisted finger-bones through his hands.
 The light faded, but lost none of its brilliance, allowing Fulgrim to see, and then he gasped in terror. There stood Sanguinius, His hand on Guilliman's neck where Angron's axe should have landed.
 The angel was wreathed in flame from head to toe. 

"Hello my brothers." said the angel "Sorry for my intrusion, but Father is quite busy right now. He sends us in his stead to finish this." 

Suddenly, a million flashes filled the air, the same as Sanguinius had appeared from. Countless warriors appeared from thin air, each covered in the fire of the immaterial.
 They bore different markings each, all from different armies and time. 
There were men of Valhalla, squads of Catachan fighters, Cadian shock troopers, the horse riding soldiers of Krieg and Attila, and many more. Among them, fewer in number, 
were the gargantuan forms of space-marines.
 Ultramarines, Salamanders, Blood Angels, White Scars, Raven Guard, Imperial Fists, Iron hands, Dark Angels, and Space Wolves. 
Even the Luna Wolves, Emperor's Children, Alpha Legion, and Thousand Sons were among the burning army, the few who stayed loyal when the Heresy began ten thousand years ago.
 Fulgrim and Angron were not alone in what they witnessed, all the traitors that besieged Terra saw the same thing, even the Tyranids were confronted by the men of fire. 

"This can't be real," said Guilliman, starring up at his brother and the legion of flame behind him. 

Fulgrim looked to a familiar figure, a dreadnaught he had beaten once before, someone who had take a piece of his pride in a fight long ago upon the burning corpse of Istvaan-3.
 He was among the largest, but not alone in his size. As Guilliman looked to his right, he saw another familiar sight; Ferrus Manus and Rogal Dorn, looking as alive as the day he saw them for the last time. 

"Rise Gulliman," said Sanguinius "Today we reject the end times brother," interjected Dorn 

"We will reject you, now and always," said the dreadnaught, his eyes dead on Fulgrim. 

Today was the day of the final battle, the day when the heroes of the past came to save the heroes of the present.